Refractor Getting Started (#1)
Xpdustry/Toxopid: README.md

    }
    ```

3. Automatically add Mindustry dependencies with :

    ```kotlin
    import fr.xpdustry.toxopid.util.anukenJitpack
    import fr.xpdustry.toxopid.util.mindustryDependencies

    repositories {
        mavenCentral()
        anukenJitpack()
    }

    dependencies {
        mindustryDependencies()
    }
    ```

4.  Load the info of your `[mod|plugin].[h]json` in your build script with `ModMetadata` :
    ```kotlin
    import fr.xpdustry.toxopid.util.ModMetadata

>     val metadata = ModMetadata.fromJson(project.file("mod.hjson"))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    val metadata = ModMetadata.fromJson(project.file("mod.json"))
```
Consistent with the comment below (and also because I tend to avoid hjson).

    // Setting the project version from the one located in "mod.json"
    project.version = metadata.version
    ```
    or directly generate your `[mod|plugin].[h]json` from your build script :

    ```kotlin
    import fr.xpdustry.toxopid.util.ModMetadata

    val metadata = ModMetadata(
        name = "example",
        displayName = "Example",
        description = "A very nice mod :)",
        main = "com.example.mod.ModMain"
    )
    ```

> 5. Include your `[mod|plugin].[h]json` into the build jar
>     ```kotlin
>     tasks.jar {
>         // Doing it in doFirst makes sure it's only executed when this task runs
>         doFirst {
>             val temp = temporaryDir.resolve("mod.json")
>             temp.writeText(metadata.toJson(true))
>             from(temp)
>         }
>     }
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Include the generated `ModMetadata` in your mod/plugin into the build jar
    ```kotlin
    tasks.jar {
        // Doing it in doFirst makes sure it's only executed when this task runs
        doFirst {
            val temp = temporaryDir.resolve("mod.json")
            temp.writeText(metadata.toJson(true))
            from(temp)
        }
    }
    ```
    
    > If you did not generated or modified the mod metadata in your build script, simply include the local `[mod|plugin].[h]json` with `from(file("mod.json"))`.
```
Including the `ModMetadata` is not mandatory.
